Intermediate (100 Projects)
Build a web scraper using BeautifulSoup.

Create a command-line task manager.

Write a program to send emails using Python.

Build a URL shortener.

Create a program to download YouTube videos.

Write a program to extract text from PDFs.

Build a program to automate Excel tasks.

Create a program to generate QR codes.

Write a program to scrape Twitter data.

Build a program to automate Google searches.

Create a program to generate word clouds.

Write a program to analyze CSV files.

Build a program to automate file renaming.

Create a program to generate random passwords.

Write a program to automate Instagram posts.

Build a program to scrape Amazon product data.

Create a program to automate WhatsApp messages.

Write a program to analyze JSON data.

Build a program to automate LinkedIn connections.

Create a program to generate barcodes.

Write a program to analyze XML data.

Build a program to automate Facebook posts.

Create a program to generate CAPTCHA images.

Write a program to analyze HTML data.

Build a program to automate Reddit posts.

Create a program to generate ASCII art.

Write a program to analyze SQL data.

Build a program to automate GitHub commits.

Create a program to generate fractal images.

Write a program to analyze NoSQL data.

Build a program to automate Slack messages.

Create a program to generate heatmaps.

Write a program to analyze time series data.

Build a program to automate Zoom meetings.

Create a program to generate network graphs.

Write a program to analyze geospatial data.

Build a program to automate Trello tasks.

Create a program to generate scatter plots.

Write a program to analyze financial data.

Build a program to automate Jira tasks.

Create a program to generate bar charts.

Write a program to analyze social media data.

Build a program to automate Asana tasks.

Create a program to generate pie charts.

Write a program to analyze e-commerce data.

Build a program to automate Airtable tasks.

Create a program to generate line charts.

Write a program to analyze healthcare data.

Build a program to automate Notion tasks.

Create a program to generate histograms.

Write a program to analyze education data.

Build a program to automate ClickUp tasks.

Create a program to generate box plots.

Write a program to analyze sports data.

Build a program to automate Monday.com tasks.

Create a program to generate violin plots.

Write a program to analyze weather data.

Build a program to automate Wrike tasks.

Create a program to generate pair plots.

Write a program to analyze stock market data.

Build a program to automate Basecamp tasks.

Create a program to generate correlation plots.

Write a program to analyze cryptocurrency data.

Build a program to automate Smartsheet tasks.

Create a program to generate 3D plots.

Write a program to analyze election data.

Build a program to automate Teamwork tasks.

Create a program to generate contour plots.

Write a program to analyze census data.

Build a program to automate Podio tasks.

Create a program to generate surface plots.

Write a program to analyze crime data.

Build a program to automate Zoho Projects tasks.

Create a program to generate polar plots.

Write a program to analyze traffic data.

Build a program to automate LiquidPlanner tasks.

Create a program to generate radar charts.

Write a program to analyze energy data.

Build a program to automate ProofHub tasks.

Create a program to generate bubble charts.

Write a program to analyze environmental data.

Build a program to automate Scoro tasks.

Create a program to generate area charts.

Write a program to analyze transportation data.

Build a program to automate Paymo tasks.

Create a program to generate stacked bar charts.

Write a program to analyze retail data.

Build a program to automate Hubstaff tasks.

Create a program to generate stacked area charts.

Write a program to analyze manufacturing data.

Build a program to automate Time Doctor tasks.

Create a program to generate waterfall charts.

Write a program to analyze agriculture data.

Build a program to automate Toggl tasks.

Create a program to generate funnel charts.

Write a program to analyze tourism data.

Build a program to automate RescueTime tasks.

Create a program to generate Gantt charts.

Write a program to analyze entertainment data.

Build a program to automate Clockify tasks.
