CODE LOG:
	AIM: To run successful marketing campaigns with top UK youtubers
	CHALLENGES: Struggled to find the right info: on the internet, from 3rd party providers, from the BI reporting team
	SOLUTION: To create a simple dashboard that displays the top UK providers by: subscribers, video uploads and views.
	STAGES IN BUILDING THE PROJECT:
	1. Get requirements from the user: What is the key objective of the user? What does success look like to the user
	2. Design the dashboard: What information does the user require to get to their expected outcome? What data do we need to be able to get that 		   information?
	3. Collect data from the source
	4. Explore the data and its content
	5. Clean the data
	6. Test the data
	7. Visualize the data
	8. Analyze the data
	9. Justify & record findings
	USE CASES:
	1. Identify top youtubers to work with.
	   The data should:
		I. List top youtubers based on subscriber count, videos uploaded and views accumulated.
		II. Display key metrics (channel name, subscribers, videos, views, engagement ratios).
		III. Be user-friendly and easy to sort/filter.
		IV. Use the most recent data possible.
	2. Analyze the potential for marketing campaigns with youtubers.
	   The data should:
		I. Recommend youtube channels best suited for different campaign types (product placement, sponsored videos series, influencer marketing).
		II. Consider reach, engagement and potential revenue based on estimated conversion rates.
		III. Clearly explain the recommendations with data-driven justifications.
	DATA QUALITY CHECKS: Row count checks, column count checks, data type checks, duplicate checks

ROADMAP:
1. Download data from Kaggle
2. Explore the data
3. Use a python script to extract the data (channel name, total subscribers, total views and total videos)
4. Create a new SQL database, import and clean the data.
	Steps in cleaning data:
		i. Remove all unnecessary columns from the table by selecting the ones we need
		ii. Extract channel names from the NOMBRE column
		iii. Rename the columns using aliases
5. Perform data quality checks
6. Import data into Power BI and start building the dashboard.
	i. Create measures (total subscribers [M], total videos [B], total videos, average views per video [M], subscriber engagement rate and views per 	   subscriber.
	ii. Add title.
	iii. Add table
		
