100 Intermediate Machine Learning Projects
1. Build a recommendation system for movies using collaborative filtering.
2. Predict customer churn using a decision tree classifier.
3. Perform image classification using a convolutional neural network (CNN).
4. Predict the likelihood of a customer purchasing a product using logistic regression.
5. Build a chatbot using natural language processing (NLP).
6. Perform sentiment analysis on product reviews using deep learning.
7. Predict the price of a house using a random forest regressor.
8. Classify different types of cancer using a support vector machine (SVM).
9. Predict the number of COVID-19 cases using a time-series model.
10. Perform topic modeling on a collection of news articles.
11. Build a recommendation system for books using matrix factorization.
12. Predict the likelihood of a customer defaulting on a loan using a neural network.
13. Perform image segmentation using a U-Net architecture.
14. Predict the stock price of a company using a long short-term memory (LSTM) network.
15. Classify different types of music using a deep learning model.
16. Perform text summarization on a collection of articles.
17. Predict the likelihood of a customer clicking on an ad using a gradient boosting machine.
18. Build a recommendation system for restaurants using collaborative filtering.
19. Predict the price of a car using a gradient boosting regressor.
20. Classify different types of flowers using a deep learning model.
21. Perform sentiment analysis on social media posts using a recurrent neural network (RNN).
22. Predict the number of sales using a time-series model.
23. Build a recommendation system for products using content-based filtering.
24. Predict the likelihood of a customer subscribing to a service using a neural network.
25. Perform image classification using a pre-trained model like ResNet.
26. Predict the price of a house using a support vector regressor.
27. Classify different types of animals using a deep learning model.
28. Perform text classification on a collection of emails.
29. Predict the likelihood of a customer purchasing a product using a decision tree.
30. Build a recommendation system for movies using content-based filtering.
31. Predict the number of COVID-19 cases using a neural network.
32. Perform image classification using a pre-trained model like VGG.
33. Predict the price of a car using a random forest regressor.
34. Classify different types of birds using a deep learning model.
35. Perform sentiment analysis on product reviews using a recurrent neural network (RNN).
36. Predict the number of sales using a neural network.
37. Build a recommendation system for books using collaborative filtering.
38. Predict the likelihood of a customer defaulting on a loan using a gradient boosting machine.
39. Perform image segmentation using a Mask R-CNN architecture.
40. Predict the stock price of a company using a convolutional neural network (CNN).
41. Classify different types of music using a support vector machine (SVM).
42. Perform text summarization on a collection of news articles.
43. Predict the likelihood of a customer clicking on an ad using a neural network.
44. Build a recommendation system for restaurants using content-based filtering.
45. Predict the price of a car using a support vector regressor.
46. Classify different types of flowers using a support vector machine (SVM).
47. Perform sentiment analysis on social media posts using a convolutional neural network (CNN).
48. Predict the number of sales using a gradient boosting machine.
49. Build a recommendation system for products using collaborative filtering.
50. Predict the likelihood of a customer subscribing to a service using a decision tree.
51. Perform image classification using a pre-trained model like Inception.
52. Predict the price of a house using a neural network.
53. Classify different types of animals using a support vector machine (SVM).
54. Perform text classification on a collection of news articles.
55. Predict the likelihood of a customer purchasing a product using a gradient boosting machine.
56. Build a recommendation system for movies using matrix factorization.
57. Predict the number of COVID-19 cases using a gradient boosting machine.
58. Perform image classification using a pre-trained model like MobileNet.
59. Predict the price of a car using a neural network.
60. Classify different types of birds using a support vector machine (SVM).
61. Perform sentiment analysis on product reviews using a convolutional neural network (CNN).
62. Predict the number of sales using a support vector regressor.
63. Build a recommendation system for books using content-based filtering.
64. Predict the likelihood of a customer defaulting on a loan using a decision tree.
65. Perform image segmentation using a DeepLab architecture.
66. Predict the stock price of a company using a recurrent neural network (RNN).
67. Classify different types of music using a deep learning model.
68. Perform text summarization on a collection of emails.
69. Predict the likelihood of a customer clicking on an ad using a gradient boosting machine.
70. Build a recommendation system for restaurants using matrix factorization.
71. Predict the price of a car using a gradient boosting regressor.
72. Classify different types of flowers using a deep learning model.
73. Perform sentiment analysis on social media posts using a long short-term memory (LSTM) network.
74. Predict the number of sales using a neural network.
75. Build a recommendation system for products using matrix factorization.
76. Predict the likelihood of a customer subscribing to a service using a gradient boosting machine.
77. Perform image classification using a pre-trained model like EfficientNet.
78. Predict the price of a house using a gradient boosting regressor.
79. Classify different types of animals using a deep learning model.
80. Perform text classification on a collection of product reviews.
81. Predict the likelihood of a customer purchasing a product using a neural network.
82. Build a recommendation system for movies using content-based filtering.
83. Predict the number of COVID-19 cases using a support vector regressor.
84. Perform image classification using a pre-trained model like DenseNet.
85. Predict the price of a car using a decision tree regressor.
86. Classify different types of birds using a deep learning model.
87. Perform sentiment analysis on product reviews using a long short-term memory (LSTM) network.
88. Predict the number of sales using a gradient boosting machine.
89. Build a recommendation system for books using collaborative filtering.
90. Predict the likelihood of a customer defaulting on a loan using a neural network.
91. Perform image segmentation using a U-Net architecture.
92. Predict the stock price of a company using a convolutional neural network (CNN).
93. Classify different types of music using a support vector machine (SVM).
94. Perform text summarization on a collection of news articles.
95. Predict the likelihood of a customer clicking on an ad using a decision tree.
96. Build a recommendation system for restaurants using content-based filtering.
97. Predict the price of a car using a neural network.
98. Classify different types of flowers using a support vector machine (SVM).
99. Perform sentiment analysis on social media posts using a convolutional neural network (CNN).
100. Predict the number of sales using a support vector regressor.
